Hello this is Thomas with Automation Anonymous
So you want to learn how to automate the torture of those disgusting animals?
Well here you go.
First you need a subject.
So get a hamster from something like a breeding pen or a plunger turret.
Hook that up to an industrial grinder.
This industrial grinder turns your hamster into fresh meat.
You can then cook that meat with a cooker.
But be careful. If anything throws you an error its because that resource is not compatible with that machine.
So just disconnect it and try a different resource.
And you can combine resources in the combiner.
For example combine the fur from the skinner as well as the cooked meat in the combiner and then you get burgers.
Throw those things on a shelf so you can sell them.
You can also throw an auto interactor on it to automatically sell it.